chore: document ske-operator deleteOnUninstall and add release notes (#288)
syntasso/kratix-docs: docs/ske/50-releases/20-ske-operator.mdx

## Release Notes

### [v0.13.0](http://syntasso-enterprise-releases.s3-website.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/#ske-operator/v0.13.0/) (2025-05-24)

Released in Helm Chart version [version 0.39.0](http://syntasso-enterprise-releases.s3-website.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/#ske-operator-helm-chart/0.39.0/)

#### Features

* Deleting the SKE Operator by uninstalling the Helm Chart will no longer result in the deletion of your SKE instances, CRDs or the registry secret. To

> allow for delete of these resource when delting the SKE Operator via the chart, the value `global.skeDeployment.deleteOnUninstall` has been introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allow for deletion of these resources when uninstalling the SKE Operator via the chart, the value `global.skeDeployment.deleteOnUninstall` has been introduced.
```
